Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
This is PAW Patrol.
Mission accomplished. Over.
This is Baby Shark. Perfect.
Initializing wake up plan.
Cover your ears. okay?
Okay. Always together. Over.
Three.
Two.
One.
What? What?
It's the end of the world!
Javier. take the girls to the bunker.
What bunker?
What bunker? The house's bunker!
The house doesn't have a bunker!
I bought a house without one!
Why do you never listen?
How will we protect ourselves?
We're not being attacked. idiot.
It's Luna's fireworks.
-Are you sure?
-Yes. I'm sure.
-No!
-I knew it!
-I found you!
-No!
-Come here! Confess!
Was it yours or Luna's idea?
-Whose idea was it?
-I'll never tell. I'm a good soldier!
-We'll see!
-Sister. come rescue me!
I'll save you. sister! Yes!
-What are you laughing at?
-Your face.
Did you see yours?
Girls. you're grounded.
Where are you going?
-Get ready. we're late for school!
-Listen to your dad!
Luna. get dressed now!
TWICE AS PREGNANT 2
Girls!
Hurry. If we're late again.
I'll have to talk to Miss Paty.
and she scares me.
Don't run.
-Ready?
-Yes.
Why are you crying? We do this every day.
I get emotional to see you go.
Come on. asshole! My buddy.
Go on. my buddy.
Sol. be careful. I got the seats cleaned.
-Dad. can I rehearse my song?
-Yes. baby.
-But quietly. I have a headache.
-Yes. thank you. Dad.
Okay. we're here. Bye.
Be good. No. the seats. baby.
-One. two.
-Don't slam the door!
Javier.
-How are you?
-Miss Pau. Good.
Am I that ugly?
No. I got scared because--
Relax. Javier. I'm joking.
You seem tight. You're very tense.
-Does it hurt?
-Yes.
-That's tension.
Look like someone needs to have fun.
To relax. To go on a date
with someone tonight.
Miss Pau. I'd love that.
but unfortunately. I can't date you.
Why not? I always ask you out and you--
Yes. it's just that
there's a rule you don't know.
What rule?
Felipe and I promised the girls
we wouldn't date until they were 18.
-Are you kidding?
-No.
Javier. my 10-year-olds have
more intelligent rules.
You two are pathetic.
So pretty.
-How am I doing?
-Amazing.
I love how much energy and time
you're taking for it.
-Right?
-But you know what?
The most important thing is missing.
What would that be?
Stop painting. dear artists.
I want you to know that
each stroke of yours
represents so much love.
but I feel...
we're not breaking
the limits of the literal world.
And I want to feel it.
I want to feel that love
because we're painting our family.
The people who love us most.
who puts up with us.
who bears with us. who are there for us.
So I want you to show that in each stroke.
As you know.
I became an orphan due to an accident
and that's why I can't have kids.
But that doesn't mean
that I don't know what a family is.
I want you to show me that.
I want to see love.
I want you to show me with passion
what it means to have a family.
I want to feel it.
I want laughter.
When a mom takes care of you.
A hot chocolate.
All the love I didn't have.
that life took from me.
but I know I can have.
With passion. with love. with heart.
This is what I want.
Da Vinci.
Good morning.
Paperwork at three o'clock.
"Guess what?
"We're a week away from
our 11th anniversary of meeting.
"Since it's a special date.
"I'd like to take
a trip with our family.
"We deserve to celebrate
11 years of being together.
"I ask that you choose
between these two destinations.
"Love. Felipe."
Boss.
I love how thoughtful Felipe is with you.
You're such a cute couple.
I wish my man was like this.
How many times have
I said we're not a couple?
We live together for the kids.
But you share a bed. I bought it myself.
Yes. but just because Luna burned mine.
We sleep each on one side.
We have a pillow in the middle.
Javi. the bed burned two years ago.
What do you need. Fabián?
We need the new project's approved budgets
and the accountant's not answering.
I sent her 10 emails. and nothing.
Go see her. Her office is 100 meters away.
She scares me. She's intense.
She beat up a delivery man once
for forgetting her salsa.
Yes. she's like that.
I'll go take care of it.
You take care of the rest.
Legal needs the...
What is this? Why aren't you working?
I'm taking a break.
That's how you take it?
Relax. No one dares to come in here.
That's not the point.
So. what's the point?
You can't be like that.
Like what?
Lying like that.
Be thankful
I don't take my clothes off for it.
You know I love being naked.
You can't take breaks whenever you want.
They are scheduled.
You have to follow the rules.
-Because... No. because--
-What? Are you gonna punish me. boss?
-Yes. I could--
-Tell me. boss.
What will you do to punish me?
I can do many things.
I can lower your salary.
I can suspend you. I can--
I can... I can...
I'll figure something out.
I know a way you can punish me.
No. I didn't come for this.
I came for paperwork.
This isn't professional.
Shut up and kiss me.
You promised me a romantic getaway.
but your kids always come up.
and we can't.
Can you give me 10 minutes?
Yes. I can.
Class. thanks for your talent.
That's pure love!
I love it!
-I'm so happy!
-Cami. I have a present.
Are they sugar free?
And lactose free to not upset your tummy.
-Bye!
-Take care!
Bye!
You are what any woman
could ask for from...
-The universe.
-Hey.
-Thanks.
-Did you like my painting?
-I loved it.
-Did I put too much yellow?
That lurid yellow? No. it makes it unique.
Right? I hope that
when you meet my family.
you don't find it too lurid.
-No. Come to dinner at my house tonight.
-Tonight?
Why that face?
Is it too soon? Did I go too far?
I think it's the next step.
Of course. it is.
I just didn't know
you wanted to meet them now.
I don't just want to meet them.
I'd like to...
Well. be part of your family.
What do you say?
-Great plan.
-Yes.
It's great. the thing is...
-Dinner. dinner. dinner!
-Wait.
Dinner. dinner!
Hello?
Hi. we're calling from school.
What?
-I'm coming.
-Is everything okay?
My daughters hit a friend at school.
But they're not like that.
-Fight. fight!
-Record this.
Fight. fight!
Fight. fight. fight. fight!
What's going to happen?
Unfortunately. Javier. this institution
has zero tolerance with violence.
Your daughters
will be suspended for two weeks.
Two weeks? Isn't that too much?
It wasn't a big deal.
Miss. what was the context of this?
In class. Javier.
We just finished a Biology test.
and I told kids to think of ideas
for Mother's Day in two weeks.
And my kids started hitting a schoolmate?
It makes no sense.
My kids aren't violent.
Well. Luna is. But Sol isn't.
They must have been provoked.
That's where I was going.
He said something.
but I didn't want to say on the phone.
What did he say?
He said it was good
they didn't have a mom.
they wouldn't have to do
anything for Mother's Day.
Are we grounded?
Of course you are.
It wasn't our fault.
I don't care whose fault it was.
You're our daughters.
and you can't go hitting people.
Like you? You said
when you met Dad. you hit him.
And he threw you out.
Yes.
No. it wasn't like that.
I stepped on something and fell.
But I was very fit at that time.
I was agile.
That's not the point. The point is
we were adults having a discussion.
And you're kids.
So. when we grow up.
-we can get into fights.
-All right.
-No. you can't! See?
-Girls. what Daddy means is
you have to talk it out.
-Exactly.
-Not by fighting.
Go to your room. I need to talk to Dad.
We'll talk punishment later.
-No.
-Yes.
We will.
To your room. and don't make
that cute Shrek kitten's face.
Come on. to your room.
-To the nursery!
-Okay!
Don't run!
-Be careful.
-They don't care.
I'll beat you!
I'm watching you.
We have to talk about the thing.
About what. man?
The girls need a mom.
What? It was just a school fight.
It's not a big deal.
Why do you think they reacted that way?
They didn't like the comment.
Didn't like it? They were hurt.
That's because
they're feeling something inside. I know.
I didn't think that.
Well. we knew this would happen.
-We have to do something.
-What?
We have to call her.
She'll know what to do.
Can you see me?
-Cata!
How are you. my babies?
Well. bad.
-We have a problem.
-What happened?
We need to find a mom for our kids.
We don't know where to start.
Do you know
if there's an app or something?
Mom App? We should look.
Why do you want a mom?
Clearly. our daughters
suffer for not having one.
My babies. no! No!
-Cata?
-You-- Need--
Cata?
We can't hear you. Cata.
They have--
-Cata.
-You know her--
-Catalina.
-It was cut-off.
What did she mean?
That we know who the mom is?
I don't know.
Do you?
No. that's why I'm asking.
You met someone. right?
Okay. what does
meeting someone really mean?
You damn. dirty. filthy rat! I knew it!
I knew you wouldn't endure it.
I knew whenever you could.
you would date an old woman.
and cheat on me and your kids.
and break our deal!
What about you?
You think I can't smell
that cheap perfume?
Stop smelling my clothes!
I iron them. I have to smell them!
I want them to smell good.
May I know who this new girlfriend is?
It better not be
a fucking pot smoking hippie like you!
She's not a hippie.
Her name is Camila de la Fuente.
She's an art professor.
She has a master's in Sensory Arts.
She loves nature. animals.
sports. and most importantly.
she's dying to meet the kids.
-And yours?
-My girlfriend is Antonia Sánchez.
She's head of the Finance department
at my company.
She loves literature.
and a healthy lifestyle.
She wants to meet them too.
She always asks when she'll meet them.
Always.
Wow. so both of them
could be perfect moms.
So? We don't need two moms.
That's what Cata meant.
We have to choose a mom between them.
What are you thinking?
Maternity Hunger Games
to see who's the best mom?
Exactly.
-I was joking. you moron!
-No. that's great.
We volunteer each girlfriend as tribute.
And the first one
to win the girls over. wins.
Are you insane?
If they realize we're making them compete.
they'll kill us.
Especially mine. you don't know her.
No one will know.
We won't say a word.
It's perfect.
No. this is wrong.
Javier. don't think about you or me.
Think of the girls.
I don't want them to suffer
for not having a mom.
We have to do something!
I can't believe I'll say this. but...
Where would they compete?
-Is everything okay?
-I thought I'd meet them today.
Too bad they got sick.
Don't worry. you'll meet them soon.
I wanted to talk about that.
When?
Very soon.
You always do that.
You get my hopes up.
and I never meet them.
"Baby. you'll meet them soon."
And I never do.
Baby. I have to tell you something.
Would you...
What?
Go on a trip with my family?
-Really?
-Yes.
-Yes?
Yes. yes. I do.
Yes. yes!
Careful with my back!
Can you stop
throwing things at me? Let's talk!
I'll never talk to you. you liar!
Technically. I never lied.
We're going on a getaway. right?
Yes. but not as a family. it was just us!
What's wrong?
My kids are dying to meet you!
You told them about me?
No. Well. yes. a little.
Why would you ruin everything?
Wait. Ruin what?
Yes. I didn't want to meet your family.
Let alone your daughters.
We've been together for a year.
This is next.
Javier. I love what we have.
No commitments. no strings. no families.
Rules were clear. and you accepted them.
Why did you have to ruin everything!
Not Javi! Baby!
Javi! It'll work in a minute. right?
I don't know. Poor Javi.
Poor baby. I'm sorry. I overreacted.
No.
They're the best thing in my life.
Please. just meet them.
Do it for me. and for little Javi.
Whatever you and little Javi want.
-But on one condition.
-Whatever you want.
I'll have fun with you.
not be anyone's mom.
-You won't be anyone's mom.
-No.
-So. where are we going?
-Acapulco.
Baby. Baby.
Baby. Javier.
Javi.
Girls. don't ask any
uncomfortable questions to our guests.
Why don't you call them your girlfriends?
How do you know that?
Dad. we're kids. but we're not stupid.
Besides. you should have seen your faces
talking about them.
Okay. then. No fireworks. no bombs.
-I promise.
-Me too.
Javier! We're late!
I'm coming! I went to the bathroom.
In 20 kilometers. you'll all want to go.
-What?
-What happened to you?
About what?
You laugh. but skin cancer is a thing.
It's very dangerous.
Don't laugh. you're next.
Ready for the trip?
Let go of me!
Let's go.
-Dad. can I go to the bathroom?
-What did I say?
What did I say?
Hi!
Wow. she looks like a princess.
I'll help you. baby. Wait.
Hi! You have no idea
how much I wanted to meet you.
Just know you can
count on me for anything.
Don't be afraid to ask for anything.
If I want gunpowder and matches.
will you buy me some?
-Luna. stop thinking about burning things.
-Okay. sorry.
Let's go. We're picking up someone else.
Who?
My girlfriend.
Go!
Where?
Dad. is that your girlfriend?
Yes. give her time. She's special.
Give me a kiss.
Hi. my name is Sol.
Hi. Sol.
Nice to meet you.
Do you want to add a song for the trip?
Yes. it's called
Don't bother me. I have to sleep.
Okay. thank you.
I can't find it.
It doesn't exist.
We're here!
Wow. what a beautiful hotel. Dad.
Wow. it's amazing.
It's awesome. right? Girls. be careful.
-I've never stayed at a hotel like this.
-I told you.
-Hello.
-Good afternoon.
Welcome to Resort Paraíso.
the best place to rest.
-do you have a reservation?
-Felipe Dumas.
Perfect. Okay.
Three double bedrooms. right?
I guess we're sleeping together.
Sorry. we thought it'd be a good idea
that you shared a room.
Really? You want me
to share a room with her?
-Weren't you buttering my biscuit?
-Antonia.
What biscuit. Dad?
-That's when adults eat biscuits.
-No.
I want to butter a biscuit!
-Me too!
-No. girls.
Why don't we go explore the hotel.
while your dads
-handle all this.
-Yes.
No. I want to know about the biscuits.
-Look what you've done.
-What?
I thought we'd be
together for the weekend.
I guess we're not.
Luckily. I brought toys.
I brought toys too.
-Antonia. stop.
-Fine. I'll shut up.
It's nothing about you. girl.
I just feel anxious
sharing with a stranger.
-Can you change one to two singles?
-Sure.
You don't mind sleeping alone. baby?
Of course not. I prefer to be alone.
I don't like bad smells.
-What smells?
-We came for a good time. not to argue.
There are smells on the beach.
BE THE NEW STAR BEHIND THE MICROPHONE
What? What's wrong? What's going on?
The Microphone auditions are here!
Can I please sign up? Please. please!
Yes. you can. You can.
I can!
Yes. one question. When are the auditions?
In three days. at the beach.
Did you hear? In three days.
I have three days to rehearse. Daddy!
That's the spirit!
Let's eat
and get to know each other.
Yes. please.
I'm going to the pool.
I need to get over my hangover.
Me too.
-No.
-Please!
-Please. let us go with the crazy lady.
-I heard that.
-Fine. let's go to the pool.
-Yes!
You'll see. Cheaters!
I'm an artist. baby.
So relaxing.
-Where's your girlfriend?
-I don't know. I saved her a spot and...
No way.
What will she do?
What? What is she doing?
-Wow! I want to do that!
-Me too!
Girls!
Girls. be careful.
-Girls!
-Honey.
-Be careful.
-They'll be fine. They can swim.
One. two. three!
Girls! They belly-flopped!
Step aside. baby.
Girls. come here!
-Girls!
-Luna has blood on her face.
Come here! I told you you'd be hurt!
Come here!
Dad. can I go again? Can I go again?
You have a bloody nose. Let's go.
I'm okay. Dad.
-There.
-It hurts.
Of course. you hit your face. I told you.
Take a bath. Let's eat.
-To eat? Really?
-To eat! Yes!
Relax. Calm down. please.
-We're going out to eat!
-Honey.
If you want. I can help them.
You don't mind?
Of course not. They have the best energy!
What would I do without you?
Did you see?
What?
Antonia doesn't have motherly instincts.
What are you saying?
What am I saying?
Look. mothers are like wild lionesses.
When they see their cubs in danger.
they dive without thinking.
-What does it have to do with Antonia?
-Well. Antonia didn't do anything.
She just stared.
But the lioness Camila
was about to pounce.
Maybe she didn't think it was serious.
-I don't know.
-Look. Look.
Look.
"Can you come to my room? I'm worried."
She's a sweetheart. I told you. man.
I told you so.
Wait. Wait.
What are you doing?
I didn't see anything.
What's this picture? Is this in Acapulco?
Yes. when my dad got the house keys.
I didn't know you lived here.
It wasn't long. My dad had to rent it.
Can I take a picture? It's beautiful.
Are you ready?
For? God damn!
Baby!
Baby.
When you texted me.
I thought you were worried
about the girls.
The girls? I'm worried because you haven't
buttered my biscuit in two weeks.
Baby. wait.
-What? Why?
-Why don't...
Why didn't you help the girls at the pool?
Because nothing happened.
I mean. yes. Wait.
Yes. but it could have been worse.
But it wasn't. Javier.
Do you know what your problem is?
You think your girls are princesses
that need to be saved. but they're not.
If you keep overprotecting them.
they'll turn into brats like Camila.
Let them get hurt. It's part of life.
Yes. you're right.
Javier. not today.
Baby. yes. Why not? Yes.
-Hi.
-What's up?
Man. you...
-What about me?
-What about you?
You don't remember me?
Do you know this yuppie?
No. I've never seen him.
Don't play dumb.
You do remember my brother. right?
She said she doesn't know you.
Who the fuck are you. you bitch?
-Who are you calling a bitch?
-No one. No one.
If you keep bothering my friend.
I'll stick your arm up your butt.
-Are we clear?
-Yes. we are.
Yes.
-Are you okay?
-Yes. thank you.
Orange juice.
Excuse me.
-How many cans do you drink a day?
-It depends.
When I'm working. I drink five.
when I'm not. two or three.
I try not to go over five.
I have to watch my figure.
-Well. at least you think about that.
-Yes.
I'll order another one. Want one?
No. thanks.
I don't drink anything with sugar.
Are you diabetic?
No. No.
I don't like consuming things
that can damage my body.
Okay. What a sad life.
The food's here!
-All right.
-Great. I'm so hungry!
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
I'm starving.
For the princess.
Thanks.
Wait.
Let's give thanks.
Thanks.
Hey. they didn't bring your meat.
-Dude. you forgot their meat!
-No.
No. that's fine.
We don't eat meat. Thanks.
We don't eat any animals.
Your loss. Look.
How are you today?
-Fine!
Louder. How are you today?
-Great!
Are you ready for some karaoke?
Yes!
Get up on stage and rock out!
Dad. can I?
Honey. we're eating.
Dad!
Auditions are in two days. Dad. Two days!
Besides. Lady Gaga's book says
that the best way to practice
-is by singing for an audience.
-Honey. wait.
-Okay. but a quiet one.
-Thanks!
Dad. I forgot my earplugs!
Me too.
Earplugs for what?
To plug my ears.
So dramatic! She can't be that bad.
Go. Sol!
Why would you let her sing?
-She's really bad.
-You get used to it.
Your ears stop working.
It's not that bad.
She's expressing herself.
Let's go somewhere else.
Grab your girl. man.
-Okay. all right.
-No. I want to keep dancing.
Let's go get dessert! Yes.
Follow me on Instagram! Solsita official!
-Let's go.
-It'll help your life!
Follow me!
Delicious.
-Cucumber.
-This is the life.
My ice cream is delicious.
What did you get?
-Pistachio. You?
-Strawberry. obviously.
Good. but this one's better.
-Let's see.
-Thief!
-What's this one?
-Let me try.
Vanilla.
Learn how to choose ice cream.
Can I try?
Hey. don't steal my ice cream.
-Baby.
-What?
Your allergy.
I took my pills today.
-Can I have a chocolate one?
-Girl. go check your face.
You look like a mutant puffer fish.
Mutant puffer fish?
Don't be dramatic! Stop staring at me.
It's like you saw a monster.
What's wrong?
What are you doing? This is a hospital!
This is medical incense.
It'll help her recover faster.
What are you talking about?
The doctor said she's fine.
Well. it's alternative medicine.
Hey. do you think we're pushing
this mom thing too much?
I think so.
What if we tell them the truth
and end this?
No. it's too late.
If we tell them the truth.
they'll hate us forever.
And we'll be left alone.
And our daughters without a mom.
What would Cristina think?
Cristina.
She'd understand.
Okay. So we keep going.
-We keep going.
-Okay.
Stop it.
Will the brat survive?
It was just allergies.
We'll take her out when she wakes up.
I wish I had recorded it.
It'd have gone viral!
Antonia!
What? It wasn't my idea. Luna told me.
That girl is really something.
I know. Please be careful.
Don't let her play with flammable things.
We got kicked out of a hotel over that.
Don't worry. they're sleeping.
What? It's only 10:00 p.m.
How did you do it?
I have six siblings.
How do you think I studied at night?
I have my tricks.
Thanks for taking care of them.
I know you don't like kids.
-You hate them.
-I hate them.
But I can stand these ones.
As long as Sol doesn't sing.
-Antonia. that's bullying!
-It's the truth.
-No. it's not. Well. sometimes.
-She sucks.
-Welcome. baby.
-Thanks.
I arranged the room as you like.
Thanks. Thanks for getting me here.
You need anything else?
No. thanks.
I'll be right down.
I'll try to look prettier. Try to...
Baby. and the girls? Where are they?
They're sunbathing with Antonia.
-In fact. I'll go see them and come back.
-No. I'll see you there.
-Are you sure?
-I'm sure.
-Don't you fall down.
-I won't.
I'll see you.
We'll see who's the best mom.
Let the war begin.
This tastes great!
-Ask for it next time.
-No.
Who wants to jet ski?
-Let's go!
-Me! Me!
Let's go!
There are only three for three adults.
Sorry. honey.
Baby. let's go.
No. you go. I'll stay here.
-Go. go. yes.
-No. why?
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
Are you okay?
Family!
We're going to fly!
No!
-Go. Dad!
-No. no!
It's for the sun.
Wait. wait.
I'm sorry. ma'am!
I will send you my energies.
-Boom. you hit the lady.
-Yes.
Sol. look. ice creams!
Hurry before they're gone.
-Don't run!
-Don't eat too much!
What a great day.
-Thanks.
-Yes. looks like you had a great time.
-Too bad I wasn't invited.
-You were.
Camila asked for your number. She called.
Yes. I have it here.
I called you...
I'm so stupid. I'm sorry.
I called another Antonia.
I see. you are stupid.
We have a plan for tomorrow.
Afternoon family hiking.
You can come.
Great. you already have plans.
No. baby. no plans.
They can change.
but it would be great if you came.
-The girls would love--
-No. no. look.
Don't worry. I made plans to do nothing.
I came for a good time. not to babysit.
I told you.
It's all good.
How are the craziest tourists of Acapulco?
-Fine!
All right. come with that energy tonight.
because tonight
we have Saturday Night Fever.
Come with your best 70's clothes
and we'll do the... Okay?
I love it! I'm excited.
-Excuse me. I'll sing a song before--
-No!
No.
Sol. tomorrow is the audition.
You have to save your voice.
So you sing better.
You'll sing better.
Speaking of that. Antonia.
would you like
to come with me to my audition?
Why me?
I don't know.
I like you.
You're very fun.
Sure. I'll go to your audition
with you tomorrow.
Great. Yeah.
I hope you can get up early.
Because tomorrow
we'll be at the lobby at 8:00 sharp.
I'll be at the lobby at 8:00 sharp.
Sleepy. but I'll be there.
-This ice cream is delicious.
-Yes. it is.
Follow me!
I'm jumping. You catch me!
One!
Two. three!
I'm fine.
I'm fine. Let's dance!
-Let's dance.
-I'm fine. I'm fine!
-No. you're not.
-I'm fine. Go dance!
-Baby.
-I'm fine! Really.
-What are you doing here?
-Nothing.
I came to ask you if you want to get even.
Fire! Help!
Camila! Open the door!
Baby. what's going on?
Fire!
Run! Run!
Wait. Wait.
I thought we were going to die!
My hair burned.
No. no. Your hair will be fine.
It'll grow back.
-It won't!
-Yes. it will.
You can't even see it.
Okay. Nothing.
Can I keep this?
Let's collect some mollusks
because the slime is good.
Sol. help me.
Okay. baby.
Another one. please.
I can't beat her.
They love her and hate me.
THE MICROPHONE
MASSIVE AUDITIONS IN ACAPULCO
Well. if you're here to kill me.
can I have dinner first?
I'm not here to kill you.
I come to make peace.
Sorry about your hair.
It was a joke. but it got out of control.
Hair grows.
and you can have a new look.
It doesn't matter.
Since we're being honest.
I want to apologize too.
I'm sorry I kept you out of all plans.
You know what? I felt threatened by you.
I don't wanna lose the competition.
What competition?
What?
Don't tell me Javier
never told you why we're here.
I don't get it. Talk.
Well. Javier and Felipe
brought us both to see who-
would be the best mom for the kids!
Do I look like a mail-order mother?
Why would you say that?
I don't know what you did.
but you can't trick me
into being your kid's mom!
-I swear I was going to tell you.
-When? When I took them to school?
Or when I read them a bedtime story.
fucking liar!
Baby. I'm sorry.
I just wanted you to meet them.
I can meet them. but you can't trick me
into being their mom.
Get it straight. Javier.
I don't ever want to be a mom. Ever.
Wait. what does that mean?
This doesn't make any sense.
You're looking for a mom for them.
and I can't give you that.
I think we should break up.
And don't worry. I keep my word.
I'll go to Sol's audition
and leave after it.
Dad. where's Antonia?
I don't know. baby.
She promised she'd be here.
Do you think she overslept?
-No.
-No?
No. she wouldn't be so irresponsible.
She won't answer.
RECENT CALLS
Miss. can you call room 812?
No problem. sir.
She promised she'd come.
-I know. honey.
-I think no one's there.
Sol.
Baby. look.
I know I may not be
as fun or interesting as Antonia.
but I would never leave you alone.
Especially on this very important day.
I would love to be
by your side today. if you want.
Really? You don't mind?
No. if I were your mom.
I'd be with you
whenever. wherever. always.
-Who will sing today?
-I am.
Yes!
-Let's go.
-Let's rock that stage.
There was no connection.
And now. singer 456.
I can't. I'm too scared.
You practiced so much.
You can do it.
Why isn't she out?
Go. Sol!
-Sing with--
-No. she'll lose her focus. Sit down.
This song is for my mom. who is in heaven.
Mom. this song is for you.
I'm sorry.
I saw that!
SOL YOU ARE #1
I'll be right back.
-What are you doing?
-I'm putting fireworks.
-It'll look better.
-Don't leave her alone.
Okay. Go.
Let's go.
I don't believe you.
No. no. no.
No. no. no. no!
Antonia. we're waiting.
I know you're mad at me.
but it's not Sol's fault. She's excited.
No!
I hope my soda didn't make you sleepy.
This one's for my hair. Bye!
It was awesome!
Everyone was shouting.
"Sol!" They were clapping.
Imagine a full stadium
and the people shouting!
I have an idea.
I know the best singing teacher.
and I can ask him to coach you.
He coaches all the singers in Mexico.
Yes!
Thank you!
I will be Sol's manager!
There you are. you crazy bitch!
Careful!
Stop! Stop!
Honey!
-Sol!
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry. It was an accident.
You know I love her.
You love her? That's why
you stood her up on her big day?
That bitch spiked
my drink with sleeping pills!
Stop it. Antonia!
I think you're right.
We want different things.
This is clearly not working.
-But--
-You should leave.
-But I'm telling--
-Nothing!
Go.
-It's okay.
-Are you okay?
Is everything okay?
I should've known this would happen.
You never know how things will end.
You did what you thought
was right at that time.
For example.
I never thought
I'd have a family with you.
You know what?
I loved the surprise.
I love our family too.
-Really?
-Yes. but don't cry.
The feeling. man.
Here.
It's Cristina's ring. I can't accept it.
This is Cristina's ring.
and I want you to give it to Camila.
She's clearly
the best mom to our daughters.
I need to talk to the girls.
-I haven't talked to them--
-I did.
They let you marry Camila.
They gave their approval.
Don't cry. man!
-I'll calm down.
-Yes.
-Calm down.
-I have to collect myself.
I have to channel my energy
into the wedding.
Exactly.
A wedding. a house.
But we'll still sleep together. right?
Not all the time. that's weird.
-Sometimes. right?
-We have to buy another bed.
Thank you.
I'll burn my feet.
Camila.
Will you be a part of the family
as my wife?
My daughters' mom?
Yes. yes!
She said yes. girls! Girls. she said yes!
I said yes!
They're sugar free.
It's still chocolate. Take them.
Okay.
What is this?
It says "Zolpidem."
Take them.
Run. run!
Girls!
You are going too far! Stop!
Come here! Come!
Stop! Stop! Now!
I don't know where you get these things.
What's this?
-It was in Camila's bag.
-Shut up.
Was this in Camila's bag?
Yes. Dad. Sorry.
Didn't Antonia say Camila drugged her?
That's right.
She said Camila spiked
her soda with sleeping pills.
And that's why she slept so much.
This was in her bag too?
Who bought a soda?
Camila.
Hey. wait.
Camila buying a soda
doesn't mean she did it.
Maybe she wanted one. I always want one.
Yes. and it could have happened.
except she doesn't consume sugar.
It's true!
So. Camila put Antonia to sleep
so she'd miss my sister's audition?
You can't trust someone
who doesn't eat sugar.
Damn liar!
Luna. we don't discriminate diabetics.
Sorry. Dad.
What do we do? The wedding is soon.
We have to tell your dad.
-Run. run!
-My bag! My bag!
Is this a joke?
Dad. how could we be joking?
Your girlfriend put Antonia to sleep.
Camila is an angel. girls.
Why would she do something like that?
Open your eyes.
She wanted to win the girls over.
You're afraid of what's coming. So am I.
It's not easy to welcome
someone new to the family.
but give her a chance.
I'm not afraid of that. Felipe.
but of a liar entering our lives.
our daughters' lives.
Look. no liar is entering our lives.
Just someone
dying to have a family with us.
-Dad. please!
-Stop.
Enough.
Stop playing detective.
I have to go get things ready.
I'll see you in two hours.
-But--
-Hey.
-Can you torch the wedding?
-Yes.
What? Are you crazy?
That's a horrible idea.
-Can you?
-Yes. of course.
No. that's wrong!
We need a plan.
Antonia would know what to do.
If only she were here.
I guess she's back in Mexico City.
No. she's not there.
Her concierge said she didn't arrive.
Then. where is she?
What happened?
Girls. if Dad runs. you run. Run.
Dad. do you really think
your girlfriend is at this dump?
-I have a hunch.
-Then. let's go.
I'm going.
Girls. I have to do this alone.
Dad. we just want to help.
I know. but this is a couple's thing.
I have to do it alone.
Trust me. okay?
Then go! We don't have that much time.
Yes. I'm going.
-Run!
-Stop. I said I was going.
Where did you get your neurosis from?
Calm down.
Anto.
Go--
Javier. damn!
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm not fine. but I will be.
-How did you know I was here?
-I didn't.
I had a hunch.
You talked about this place.
I came for you.
I do listen to you.
Only when you want to.
I know.
I made a mistake. I'm sorry.
You were right. Camila is a liar.
We have to stop the wedding
so Felipe's life isn't ruined.
No. Javier. we don't have to go.
You have to go.
I can't trust you after you abandoned me.
Look. Antonia.
Antonia. I made a mistake.
If you don't want to see me anymore.
I'll understand.
But please. try to understand me.
I was afraid.
Afraid my daughters wouldn't be happy
without a normal family.
For not having a mom.
We did what we thought was right.
Just like your dad
did what he did for you.
Renting this house.
I made a mistake. but...
I'm sorry.
Javier. thank you.
You're looking for
a mom for your daughters.
That's beautiful.
But I can't be that person.
It's best if you leave.
I'm sorry.
Dad. and Antonia?
She's not coming.
What should we do now?
I don't know.
Anto!
I'll tell you once. Javier.
don't ever trick
or turn your back on me again.
We're a team.
and I want to be a team for a long time.
Yes. I promise.
Believe it or not. you make me
the happiest person in the world.
-Kiss. kiss.
-Kiss!
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
I love you. idiot!
Okay. enough cheesiness.
What's up? What's going on?
Okay. This is the thing.
Camila put you to sleep.
and Dad won't believe us.
-What should we do?
-We need
more proof so Camila
won't marry my dad in a few hours.
Any ideas?
Yes. go back to the hotel.
But fast!
Fast. you said?
Watch out. Dad!
-Dad. look ahead!
-Be careful!
Why are they crossing?
-I'm driving!
-Pay attention!
Buddy. we're looking for a yuppie.
Open shirt. chest hair. an asshole.
Miss. that's all the guys here.
Be more specific. please.
He talks like with a potato in his mouth.
Oh. yes. I saw him.
He's over there with his friends.
-Thanks. man.
-Thanks!
What's with you?
This isn't the yuppie.
-Which one is it?
-They all look the same.
-Girl. you again?
-That one.
-Him?
-That's him.
Run!
-Got you!
-Okay.
I didn't do anything to your friend.
Don't kill me.
Shut up! I just want some answers.
-Okay.
-How do you know Camila?
-What did she do? Tell me everything!
-Come on!
We're gathered here on this beautiful day.
in this fantastic place.
to celebrate the marriage--
I object!
What are you doing?
It's not that part yet. What am I doing?
Saving my friend
from making the worst mistake ever.
Are you still on that?
Camila is a good woman.
-She'll be our daughters' mom.
-Listen to me.
That woman is only with you
because you have a family.
She's obsessed with having a family.
What is he talking about?
Don't listen to me.
listen to what this yuppie has to say.
Come here. moron.
-Hurry. asshole!
-Hi.
At least. listen to this yuppie.
-What's your name?
-Javi. man.
Yuppie. The yuppie.
Tell him about your brother.
Hey. bro. sorry to ruin your day.
but that girl ruined my brother's life.
She left him with stress--
-PTSD.
-Yes. PTSD.
I don't understand. What did she do?
She forced my brother to adopt.
What's wrong with that? That's beautiful.
-No. she wanted to adopt 10 kids.
-10.
She was obsessed with having a family.
so everyone would get the love
she didn't have as a kid.
Man. after the honeymoon. which was crazy.
she went to every orphanage in Mexico
to find the lucky 10.
When he came back.
she had hired six women.
and I have five. man.
She built 10 extra-large rooms
in the house.
she bought a five-row bus
for family trips.
My brother couldn't take it.
He always wanted a family.
but this was too much for him.
Bro. she's only marrying you
for your family. man.
Be careful. man. That chick's crazy.
Thanks.
Is that true?
Are you with me for my girls?
-Or are you in love with me?
-No. for both.
First. because of your beautiful family.
but I fell in love with you.
I can't believe it.
No. look.
Look. everything I've done
was to save our family.
Yes. maybe I overdid it
with the amount of kids.
but I promise it won't happen.
I promise.
I'm happy with Sol and Luna.
I don't need anyone else.
-Please. don't destroy our family.
-Tell me.
Did you drug Antonia
to miss Sol's audition?
-Yes. With my pills.
-Okay.
No...
You lied to me.
I can't be with you.
-Don't do this to me.
-Sorry.
No. please. Don't do this to me.
-I'm the best mom for them.
-Calm down.
I'm the best mom!
This ring's mine.
-No!
-No. that's Cristina's ring!
No!
Luna! Luna!
Help me!
My sister.
Sol. stay here!
-I'll help them.
-Okay.
-We have to lift this.
-One. two. three.
Tiger strength. come on!
Why isn't my sister coming out?
-Help me!
-Hurry up!
-Why isn't my sister coming out?
-Luna!
-Luna! Luna!
Breathe. Luna.
Careful!
I'm drowning! I'm drowning!
There. Someone do something!
-Luna!
-Sister!
Someone do CPR!
I know what we have to do.
-What?
-I know.
-A doctor!
A chakra cleanse.
-Are you serious!
-What are you saying?
-Luna! Luna!
-A chakra cleanse.
One. two. chakra cleanse!
Wait. wait.
What do you think I have? Ready?
One. two. three!
Really?
Tickles!
The chakras!
Girls. Dad and I wanted to apologize.
Apologize for what?
For not telling you everything.
This trip wasn't only for our anniversary.
but to find you a mom.
Why did you do that?
Because after your fight at school.
we thought you needed maternal energy.
And we can't give you that.
Dads. we have the best moms in the world.
You two.
With dads like you. we don't need moms.
So. why did you fight?
Because we are tired
that no one at school understands
you're both mom and dad at the same time.
-I need a hug.
-Me too.
-Come!
Anyone else needs a hug?
Someone needs to be a part of this hug.
Yes. yes.
Dad. I need to tell you a secret.
Are you sure?
-Yes.
-You know what?
I have another secret.
You guys are crazy!
-We're crazy?
-Yes. we are.
Kiss attack!
That's Sol's number.
She wanted me to give it to you.
Why? I don't understand.
To tell her about the music coach.
And take her there.
Despite everything I did.
you want me to take her?
Didn't you promise?
If you want to be family.
you must keep your promises.
You want me in the family?
I don't know.
I don't know. but Sol reminded me
Javier didn't want me in the family.
and look at us.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Felipe. despite of what I did.
I do love you.
Well. we'll go step by step.
We can be friends. and we'll see.
In time.
Thank you.
Thank you for being
a lioness and saving Luna.
Want some ice cream?
Can it be lactose free?
A vegan one?
Lactose free.
-Shall we?
-Yes.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
Excuse me.
You can't do that. There are trash cans.
-Who?
-Who what?
Who asked you?
So nosy.
Are you okay?
Hey.
Well. of course you aren't.
-You look bad.
-I'm sick.
I'm really sick. I feel horrible.
Are you pregnant?
No. that's impossible.
My doctor says I can't.
My body isn't ready yet.
Doctors make mistakes.
They told my parents
I'd be a boy. and look.